## Design Information of the UML Diagram
1. The User Interface (UI) should be simple and quick to respond.
\- This was not incorporated into the UML design since it is an element of the User Interface (UI), as stated in the requirement.
2. To make it easy to understand, a product list is a list of products that users desire to buy from the amazon. Here, An users must be able to add items to a list, delete items from a list, and update the number of items in a list using the application.
\- In the UML design, this is implemented by the ProductList class, which defines the name, type, description, and number of the goods as properties. Add, delete, and changeQuantity are methods that allow the user to add items to a list, delete entries from a list, and update the amount to a desired quantity.
3. A database (DB) of items and their associated item types are included in the application.
\- In the proposed UML, this is accomplished by the class products, which is derived from the ProductList class. This class includes a list of items and their types, which will be stored in the database via a TypeGroup class that will be inherited from the products class. The products are grouped by type in the TypeGroup.
4. Users must be able to add products to a list by selecting them from a hierarchy list, with the top level representing the item type (for example, butter) and the second level representing the actual item name (for example, milk). Secondly, Users must be allowed to enter a volume for an item after it has been added.
\- The class ProductList may be used to accomplish this goal once again. The Add function of the ProductList class may be used to add items to a list by selecting them from a nested list. It also has a function called changeQuantity, which allows the user to specify the amount they want for that particular item.
5. Users must also be able to type in the name of an item to specify it. In this scenario, the application must search its database for things with similar names and ask the users if that is the item they wanted to add for each of them. If no match is discovered, the program must prompt the user to choose a type for the object, after which it must save the new item, along with its type, in its database.
\- The UML has a class named search for this purpose, which allows the user to search for a specific object by its name. Because it must include attributes such as name and type for the item, Search is derived from the class "Product." While searching for that item, the search class connects to the database. If such an item cannot be discovered, another class named ProductItemType is used to construct a new item type with the item name and type and saves it to the database for later usage.. 
6. After making changes to a list, it must be stored automatically and promptly.
 \- To do this, a SaveList function has been added to the ProductList class, which saves the list automatically and soon after any changes are made.
7. Users must be able to mark items on a list as completed which not going to delete the product.
 \- Another method entitled check is mentioned in the class of ProductList to implement this, where the user may check off items in a list. This, however, will not remove any checked items because the method does not have such a condition.
8. The products must be shown in a list organized by type, allowing customers to shop for a single product category at a time.
\- The UML has been modified to add a TypeGroup class that is derived from the class "Products" in order to fulfill this requirement. This TypeGroup class has the two properties of the item's name and item's item. It has a CreateGroup function that takes two arguments, "product name" and "product type," and groups them effectively. This TypeGroup is subsequently kept in the database, allowing the user to group similar objects or items of a particular category before looking for them.
9. Users must also be able to remove all check marks from a list at once.
\- The ProductList class contains a method called clearAllCheckMarks that satisfies this need. This technique makes it simple for a user to remove all pre-checked items from a list at once.
10. Check-off marks on a list are permanent, therefore they must be stored right away.
\-  The method SaveList, as previously stated, will save the list. As a result, after using the check function, the SaveList method may be invoked immediately to store the check off marks without additional delay.
11. At the same time, several lists must be supported. "Weekly product order list" and "monthly supply list," for example. Users must be able to create, (re)name, select, and remove lists in the application as a consequence.
\- The ListManager class is suitable for this need since it provides methods for creating, renaming, selecting, and deleting items from a list.
12. Extra Credit: Location is a class that provides the specific location of a product which is already stored in a database.
